[Marketplace Contribution] Rasterize - Content Pack Update (#19153)
demisto/content: Packs/rasterize/Integrations/rasterize/README.md

| width | The page width, for example, 1024px. Specify with or without the px suffix. | Optional | 
| height | The page height, for example, 800px. Specify with or without the px suffix. | Optional | 
| type | The file type to which to convert the contents of the URL. Can be "pdf" or "png". Default is "png". | Optional | 
| file_name | The name the file will be saved as. Default is "url". | Optional |

> | full_screen | Get the full page. The maximal width and height values are 8000px. (Marking full_screen as true means that the values for width and height arguments might not be respected). | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| full_screen | Get the full page. The actual page width and height will be auto calculated up to a max value of 8000px. (Marking full_screen as true means that the values for width and height arguments might not be respected). | Optional | 
```

| height | The HTML page height, for example, 800px. Specify with or without the px suffix. | Optional | 
| type | The file type to which to convert the email body. Can be "pdf" or "png". Default is "png". | Optional | 
| offline | If "true", will block all outgoing communication. | Optional | 
| file_name | The name the file will be saved as. Default is "email". | Optional |

> | full_screen | Get the full page. The maximal width and height values are 8000px. (Marking full_screen as true means that the values for width and height arguments might not be respected). | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| full_screen | Get the full page. The actual page width and height will be auto calculated up to a max value of 8000px. (Marking full_screen as true means that the values for width and height arguments might not be respected). | Optional | 
```

| EntryID | The entry ID of the image file. | Required | 
| width | The image width, for example, 600px. Specify with or without the px suffix. | Optional | 
| height | The image height, for example, 800px. Specify with or without the px suffix. If empty, the height is the entire image. | Optional | 
| file_name | The name the file will be saved as. Default is the EntryID. | Optional |

> | full_screen | Get the full page. The maximal width and height values are 8000px. (Marking full_screen as true means that the values for width and height arguments might not be respected). | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| full_screen | Get the full page. The actual page width and height will be auto calculated up to a max value of 8000px. (Marking full_screen as true means that the values for width and height arguments might not be respected). | Optional | 
```
